He looked
I have come very well in the introduction
of the video appeared this clip in which
let's learn how to make a bridge now
tour for all of us who play sky
wars and well I decided to do this
because I actually see that many
Minecraft people are used many
cheating and good actually because
we make one even if we do not have
Real this but I know that with this picture
green that itself is quite efficient and that
really is not at all so
first let's see what we're going to do
Half the bridge we will not do
all the bridge of our adversary
but they only show our half of the
bridge and good we're going to do it type
sure because we do this because if not
may the trap be skipped and not fall
in it so and good nothing else
we put this and good now in caval
where we finished and we are going to put here
a
what's this called a ladder and good
here we are going to put the block and we are going to
put the other ladder and good after
of the two stairs we do as you see
here we put more security and here back
of the two stairs will go where he goes
to fall that is going to be the price and
be careful there, do not try it at home
I 'm not going to do that and well in
actually let's see what we're going to do here
put the last and mono would be the
last staircase as you see two stairs
the precipice and another staircase as you see
what a joke to see if he left me jane
seymour then let's put here
only for us to avenge ourselves
when the adversary comes or the
opponent or our enemy come to us
let's move away from the bridge because if not
is not going to want to happen then we're going to
see now the view that he is going to have and
good as you see here it is not noticeable at all
where is the hole where is the
trap and good as they look good I'm going
to do if I if it were me I would
a safe bridge because actually
well there we are going to remove this blog that
we lack if it were like they see going to
run away and when you see that it's not going to
see but we 're going to see what
way there is a hole then there goes to
drop the then as you see from here
up it looks good
and well, it's really not going to have anything
to do something else other than jumping
that hole then there if we
I have to leave us so
I suggest that you hide because if we
go on let's say at the tip of the bridge there
will want to pass because you're going to see
that something or something is working
with these stairs and all that is still
As you can see, it 's pretty easy and good
down that stairs always put on
the last staircase always put a
block of wood because if it's not it's going to
can camouflage let's say
what would be the bridge and good here
dismissal if you liked leave me your like in
water positively so that in those in
the following videos I come to you
bringing as more traps do not be with
networks because the rest is not in
multiplayer but we do not have anything else
in single player with the mod
and well actually the truth that to me
I liked it a lot already I've tried it
sky wars and if it works 100% yes
it works not all people fit
because there are many people who know about
that today there are many people who
cheats on our website are called
chapel so nothing else up here
dismissal as always do not forget
anything of doubt or with things that
They want to always send me this lie
steal from bhd and see you in the next
areas